Korath Exiles Stage II - Firestorm Edit + Haven/Efreti Implementation (#14)
ravenshining/endless-sky: data/korath/korath ships.txt

	turret 91 290 "Korath Warder"

ship "Korath Haven"
	sprite "ship/korath haven"
	"uncapturable"
	attributes
		category "Heavy Freighter"
		cost 27690000
		shields 196420
		hull 320690
		"required crew" 1940

> 		"bunks" 10920

Reviewer: If it's uncapturable we don't need to worry about the calculation, right?  This ought to be a few times larger.

```suggestion
		"bunks" 31920
```

		"mass" 12000
		"drag" 84
		"heat dissipation" .22

> 		"fuel capacity" 1700

Reviewer: Even though it's a superheavy that uses fuel weapons, I don't think it needs this much.  That's what Fuel Processors are for.

```suggestion
		"fuel capacity" 1000
```

		"cargo space" 1864
		"outfit space" 2630
		"weapon capacity" 1181

> 		"engine capacity" 516

Reviewer: Probably need to raise outfit and engines for edits below but I'm to tired for maths

		"atmosphere scan" 100
		weapon
			"blast radius" 400
			"shield damage" 8000
			"hull damage" 4000
			"hit force" 12000
	outfits
		"Korath Banisher" 7
		"Korath Heaver" 3
		"Korath Inferno" 4
		"Korath Warder" 7
		"Firelight Missile Bank" 4
		"Firelight Storage Rack" 4
		"Firelight Missile" 108
		"Firestorm Torpedo" 62
		"Firestorm Turret" 1

		"Triple Plasma Core" 3
		"Systems Core (Large)" 2
		"Liquid Sodium Cooler" 2
		"Fuel Processor" 7

> 		"Korath Repeater Rifle" 1150

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"Korath Repeater Rifle" 1954
		"Microbot Defense Station" 214
```

> 		"Reverser (Stellar Class)"
> 		"Reverser (Planetary Class)"
> 		"Thruster (Stellar Class)"
> 		"Thruster (Planetary Class)"
> 		"Steering (Stellar Class)"
> 		"Steering (Planetary Class)"
> 		"Hyperdrive"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"Afterburner (Stellar Class)"
		"Reverser (Stellar Class)"
		"Thruster (Stellar Class)"
		"Thruster (Planetary Class)"
		"Steering (Stellar Class)"
		"Steering (Planetary Class)"
		"Scram Drive"
```

		angle 70
	bay "Fighter" -167.5 -420
		angle 315
	bay "Fighter" 167.5 -420
		angle 45
	bay "Fighter" -179.5 80
		angle 45
		back
	bay "Fighter" 179.5 80
		angle 315
		back
	bay "Fighter" -167.5 -420
		angle 315
	bay "Fighter" 167.5 -420
		angle 45
	bay "Fighter" -179.5 80
		angle 45
		back
	bay "Fighter" 179.5 80
		angle 315
		back
	bay "Fighter" -167.5 -420
		angle 315
	bay "Fighter" 167.5 -420
		angle 45
	bay "Fighter" -179.5 80
		angle 45
		back
	bay "Fighter" 179.5 80
		angle 315
		back
	bay "Fighter" -167.5 -420
		angle 315
	bay "Fighter" 167.5 -420
		angle 45
	bay "Fighter" -179.5 80
		angle 45
		back
	bay "Fighter" 179.5 80
		angle 315
		back
	bay "Fighter" -167.5 -420
		angle 315
	bay "Fighter" 167.5 -420
		angle 45
	bay "Fighter" -179.5 80
		angle 45
		back
	bay "Fighter" 179.5 80
		angle 315
		back
	bay "Fighter" -167.5 -420
		angle 315
	bay "Fighter" 167.5 -420
		angle 45
	bay "Fighter" -179.5 80
		angle 45
		back
	bay "Fighter" 179.5 80
		angle 315
		back
	explode "tiny explosion" 30
	explode "small explosion" 45
	explode "medium explosion" 50
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "huge explosion" 50
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description "Korath Havens are massive nomadic habitats that hold all that is left of their people."

Reviewer: I realise fixing descs is like my job but I'm so tired I don't want to lose track

```suggestion
	description "Korath Havens are massive nomadic habitats that hold much of their remaining population."
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
